Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the subcategory and it's going to look very similar to that
of this.
So what we can do is we can copy from this test we get and to this part you can try and see.
Sorry.
And we are going to pace this over here.
And instead of select main category, we are going to change this as a select sub category.
Now use control and has to save.
And you're going to see your rights over here.
Okay.
Now, the next step is to change the value of this, because when a user clicks on this man or chooses
this man category, all main item should be displayed over here.
Right.
So we have to change the value.
But before then, you can see we already have this list over here which says Men.
Right.
So these are the men clothes, right?
Okay.
So what we have to do first is to create a default value, which is going to be displayed over here.
We have to do that first.
Look at the top.
And we are setting the test.
So it is going to be a type of string and we can call this variable sub category value and the default
value must be within the list.
You can see how this list of why you called men.
And now in order to peak, in order to make a default value, the default value must be within this
list.
You can see for the for the.
For the string main category value we said is main.
And you can see the value is in this list, right?
Okay, let's just choose something which is not in this list and see what's going to happen.
Okay.
And is it of this?
I'm going to say select.
Select SOB category and let's see, select sub select.
So see, sorry, category.
Okay, great.
And now.
Over here.
We can change this to be the main category.
Okay.
Men.
And do we start this now?
You see the error.
So we also have to change this value to say sub category.
Okay.
So.
Subcategory value.
Okay.
And it's going to copy this.
And pass this over.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Sub.
Okay.
Also start this.
All three starting.
All three.
We just have to wait for this a bit.
Okay.
And let's go check it out.
Definitely.
We are going to have an error.
Okay, good.
Check this.
Okay.
You can see we have this error and read what is saying item is empty.
Value is equal is equal to null and there should be exactly one item with the dropdown value.
So let's select subcategory.
It does zero or two or more updates.
We are dictated in the same value.
You can see what is basically trying to see is we do not have this select subcategory within this list
called Main.
Okay, so what we have to do is the default value definitely must be within that list, right.
So we have to say, I think we have a value known as Shell's and it is a capital letter.
A case controller and has not to save.
We have to wait for this.
Wait for this and go check it out.
It's to hard.
We start this now, and there should be no heroes.
You can see no errors and you can see we have this -- and it is within the category, the man subcategory.
And we also can choose the shirts, the t shirts and jackets and you can see why.
What we simply did was to create a variable called subcategory.
It is.
It says so it is a type of string.
And over here, within the dropdown, within the dropdown button, the dropdown button has a property
known as value.
And over here, at this moment, this is going to be shared, right?
And via the within the dropdown button, it also has a property known as own change and.
We are basically set in state to update this sub category value to whatever the user is going to pick.
Right.
Okay.
We start this.
Or to start this.
And I'm just going to show you this again.
Okay.
We just have to wait.
And back to the beginning.
Okay.
And now you can see the default value is shared, right?
So and this is what we are basically saying, the way the value is going to be whatsoever, we have
at the top and currently it is shared.
It's this --, right?
And nobody you can see.
We are saying when we tap.
So.
VI.
Yes, sorry.
Over.
Over a year we have seen when we tap whatsoever value we picked, we want to update this subcategory
value to the recent value.
Okay, now let's tap on.
Tissot is going to update that T-shirt and jacket.
It's going to update the T-shirts, the jacket and so on.
Okay.
Seems good.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.